---
title: First post
date: 2025-09-12 01:20:11 -05:00
published: 2025-09-12
# draft: true
type: blog
tags:
  - news
foam_template:
  description: Blog entries
  filepath: docs/src/news/2025-09-12.md
---

It's an exciting time as I'm just making the first post on the new website for the Cesium language!  I actually have finished fleshing out the details of the language design, but have not yet finished writing documentation for it.  I got some help from Claude to write this initial draft, but it ended up corrupting a lot of things.  Bear with me as I work through each page and manually fix everything.  That said, just having a framework for the documentation to start with is tremendously helpful.  I'll take having to correct all the hallucinations and errors over having to come up with all of this by myself from the outset!

I've already gotten some feedback from a few colleagues who are interested in this project, which is encouraging to actually keep going with this and take it a little more seriously than a toy language for my projects for my home or side business.

The grind continues.  I'll let everyone know when the documentation seems to have settled down, and I can actually start working on code for a first-cut lexer/parser implementation.

Maybe I can get Claude to do it for me...but at least then I'll have a better baseline reference documentation describing the language.  Maybe there will be fewer hallucinations next time.  Let's not get our hopes up.

Stay tuned!

```cesium
i32 = main() {
  printf("Hello, world!\n");
  return 0;
}
```
